.\" buildTape.1
.\" Copyright (c) 2009  Jean-Marc Bourguet
.\" 
.\" All rights reserved.
.\" 
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
.\" 
.\"     * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 
.\"     * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"       notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"       documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 
.\"     * Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its
.\"       contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
.\"       this software without specific prior written permission.
.\" 
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
.\" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
.\" LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
.\" CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
.\" SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
.\" INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
.\" CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
.\" ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
.\" POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

.TH buildTape 1 "20 DEC 2009"
.SH NAME
buildTape \- a tape image building utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B buildTape [-b size] [-S|-E|-C] -o file files...
.SH DESCRIPTION

.PP
Build a tape image from files.

.TP
\fB\-b\fR size
use size as the block size.

.TP
\fB\-S\fR
use the TPS format (default if the image file name ends with .tps
or .tap)

.TP
\fB\-E\fR
use the TPE format (default if the image file name ends with .tpe)

.TP
\fB\-C\fR
use the TPC format (default if the image file name ends with .tpc)

.TP
\fB\-o\fR file
use file as the tape image.

.TP
files...
give the name of the files to be put in the image.

.SH SEE ALSO

\fBextractTape\fR(1), simh, klh, \fBtape.pdf\fR in the distribution,
\fBvtape.txt\fR in the KLH distribution
